.\"   $Id$
.\"
.\"   Man page for the jcon reference library / executable
.\"
.\"   $Log$
.\"
.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 12/02/2023      \" DATE
.Dt jcon 1          \" Program name and manual section number
.Sh NAME            \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm jcon
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd convert JCON to JSON
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl o Ar input_file   \" [-o input_file]
.Op Ar output_file       \" [output_file]
.\" .Ar arg0                 \" Underlined argument - use .Ar anywhere to underline
.\" arg2 ...                 \" Arguments
.Pp
.Nm
.Op Fl o Ar input_dir    \" [-o input_dir]
.Op Ar output_dir         \" [output_dir]
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.\" Use the .Nm macro to refer to your program throughout the man page like such:
.\" .Nm
.\" Underlining is accomplished with the .Ar macro like this:
.\" .Ar underlined text .
.\" .Pp                      \" Inserts a space
.\" A list of items with descriptions:
.\" .Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Begins a tagged list
.\" .It item a               \" Each item preceded by .It macro
.\" Description of item a
.\" .It item b
.\" Description of item b
.\" .El                      \" Ends the list
.\" .Pp
Converts JCON files to the corresponding JSON representation
.Pp

Accepts an input file or directory; if a directory is provided, all files in that
directory will be converted and output with corresponding names - e.g., ./data.jcon becomes ./data.json.
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Differs from above in tag removed
.It Fl o                 \"-a flag as a list item
Specify an output path / filename
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El
.\" .Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.\" .Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.\" .It Pa /usr/share/file_name
.\" FILE_1 description
.\" .It Pa /Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name
.\" FILE_2 description
.\" .El                      \" Ends the list
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS       \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -diag
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .It Diagnostic Tag
.\" Diagnostic informtion here.
.\" .El
.Sh AUTHOR
Written by Layne Bernardo <layne.bernardo@gmail.com>
.Sh REPORTING BUGS
Report jcon bugs to <layne.bernardo@gmail.com>
.Pp
Or at
.Pp
https://github.com/LMBernardo/jcon/issues
.Sh LICENSE
Copyright © 2023 Layne Bernardo. License Apache-2.0
.Pp
<https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>
.Pp
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.\" .Sh SEE ALSO
.\" List links in ascending order by section, alphabetically within a section.
.\" Please do not reference files that do not exist without filing a bug report
.\" .Xr a 1 ,
.\" .Xr b 1 ,
.\" .Xr c 1 ,
.\" .Xr a 2 ,
.\" .Xr b 2 ,
.\" .Xr a 3 ,
.\" .Xr b 3
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner